[FAINT RUMBLING]
-[EXPLOSION]
-[AIR-RAID SIREN BLARING]
-[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
-[DISTANT EXPLOSION]
[AIRPLANES WHIRRING]
NARRATOR:  The Second World War
is coming to an end.
Finland and the Soviet Union
have signed
the Moscow Armistice
which decrees that Finland
must disarm the Nazis
and drive them out of Lapland.
The Nazis adopt
a scorched earth tactic
and destroy
all roads, bridges,
villages and towns
in their path.
Deep in the wilderness
of Lapland,
there is a man who has decided
to leave the war behind him.
For good.
[DOG WHINING]
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[LOUDLY] Yeah!
[WIND BLOWING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[PANTING]
[HORSE NICKERING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[SIGHS]
[GRUNTS]
[DOG BARKING]
[FAINT RUMBLING IN DISTANCE]
[DOG WHINING]
[AIRPLANES WHIRRING
IN DISTANCE]
[DOG BARKING]
-[HORSE WHINNIES]
-[AIRPLANE ENGINES ROARING]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
-[DIGGING]
-[MAN GRUNTING]
-[DISTANT EXPLOSION]
-[GASPS]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[RESUMES DIGGING]
[GRUNTING]
-[DISTANT EXPLOSION]
-[GASPING]
[GRUNTING]
[DISTANT EXPLOSIONS]
[DISTANT EXPLOSIONS
AND GUNFIRE]
AND GUNFIRE CONTINUE]
[TINS CLANGING]
[DISTANT EXPLOSIONS]
[MAN GRUNTING]
[CONTINUES GRUNTING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[GRUNTING]
[EXHALES SHAKILY]
[STIFLING SOB]
[CRYING]
[HORSE NICKERS]
[DOG BARKS]
[HORSE NICKERING]
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
[WIND WHISTLING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[HORSE NICKERING]
-[SOLDIER CHUCKLES]
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
[TANK ENGINE IDLING]
[WOMAN GRUNTING]
-[HORSE NEIGHS]
-[SNIFFS, CLEARS THROAT]
[WOMAN 2 BREATHING RAGGEDLY]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[HORSE NICKERS]
He's riding
to his death anyway.
[WHISTLES]
[TRUCK ENGINES REVVING]
[ROPE CREAKING]
[HORSE SNORTING]
[DISTANT CHATTER]
[DOG BARKING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
Get off the horse!
Where do you think
you're going, old man?
There's nothing down there.
We made sure of that.
What do you got there?
[HORSE SNORTS]
This old fucker
is a gold miner.
[KNUCKLES CRACKING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
You got gold in those bags?
[DOG BARKS]
-[SOLDIER LAUGHS]
-Take a look at this!
[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
-[DOG WHINES]
-SOLDIER 1: We're rich, boys!
[DOG BARKS]
-[GUNSHOTS]
-[DOG WHIMPERING]
-You're dead!
-[HORSE WHINNIES]
-[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
-[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
[DISTANT GUNSHOTS]
[SIGHS]
-Get down on your knees.
-[HORSE WHINNIES]
SOLDIER: These bags
are full of gold!
[CHUCKLES]
-[HORSE WHINNIES]
-[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
Get down on your knees,
grandpa!
Huh?
-[SOLDIERS CHUCKLE]
-[HORSE WHINNIES]
-SOLDIER 1: Shoot the fucker!
-[LAUGHING]
-SOLDIER 2: Fuck him up!
-[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
[HORSE WHINNYING]
[MAN BREATHING SHAKILY]
SOLIDER 1:
Thanks for the gold!
[SOLDIERS LAUGHING]
We've got gold!
[CONTINUES BREATHING SHAKILY]
Thank you, old fuck...
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
-[SOLDIER SCREAMS]
-[DISTANT GUNSHOTS]
[SOLDIER GRUNTS]
-[BONES CRACK]
-[SOLDIER SCREAMS]
[SOLDIER 2 YELLS]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
[MAN GRUNTS]
[SOLDIER GROANS]
[SOLDIER GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[SOLDIER SCREAMS]
[SOLDIER GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOT]
[BODY THUDS]
[PANTING]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[SOLDIER GROANING]
[SOLDIER COUGHS]
[SOLDIER CONTINUES GROANING]
[TANK ENGINE WHIRRING
IN DISTANCE]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
[MACHINE GUN FIRING]
[BULLETS WHIZZING]
[EXPLOSION]
[GUNFIRE CEASES]
[HORSE NICKERS]
[PIN CLICKS]
[GROANING]
-[COUGHING]
-[SOUNDS MUFFLED]
[GASPING FOR AIR]
[COUGHING]
[PANTING WEAKLY]
[GROANING SOFTLY]
[VEHICLES APPROACHING]
[CONTINUES GROANING]
[ENGINES RUMBLING]
[GASPING]
[ENGINE REVS]
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
Wait.
[PANTING]
-Now.
-[GUN COCKS]
[ALL GASPING]
[CONTINUES EXPLODING]
Fire!
[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Cease fire!
[GUNFIRE CEASES]
[WIND WHISTLING]
[SOLDIER COUGHING]
Huh?
LEADER: You...
and you.
On the sides of the road, now!
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS, PANTS]
[SCREAMS]
[WIND WHISTLING]
How many mines
did we bury here?
All of them.
Pick two of our female friends
and bring them to me.
And some rope.
[WOMEN GASP]
You...
and you.
[WOMAN CRYING]
Pick me.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
SOLDIER: Thank you, General.
I will pass on
the information.
Over and out.
The General,
he has given us orders.
Turn back and head to Norway
from Finland immediately.
Did you tell him he just
killed seven of our men?
I did.
And?
He thinks we were lucky.
Fucking lucky.
[SCOFFS]
The dog tags belong
to a man named Aatami Korpi.
He was a Finnish commando.
The most feared in his unit.
The General said, and I quote,
"He's one mean motherfucker
"that you do not
want to mess with."
He fought in the Winter War.
Lost his home and his family
to the Russians.
He became a ruthless,
vengeful soldier
who took orders from no one.
The Finns, they gave up trying
to discipline or control him.
They just sent him out,
alone into the wilderness
to hunt Russian patrols.
He became a one-man
death squad.
[SCOFFS]
SOLDIER:  The reports
are unconfirmed,
but it looks like
he has over 300 Russian kills.
The Russians,
they gave him a name.
They call him Koschei,
"The Immortal."
Immortal?
The road is clear, sir.
We are going to follow
our orders, right?
We are turning back?
No.
We are not turning back.
[SNIFFS]
We are losing the war. We are.
In a few months,
this all will be over for us.
When we get back,
they will... [SIGHS]
hang us all.
That gold is our way out.
[GROANING SOFTLY]
[GROANS]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS, GROANS]
[DOG BARKS, PANTING]
[WHINING]
[CONTINUES WHINING]
[VEHICLES APPROACHING]
[DOGS BARKING]
-SOLDIER: Eyes open!
-[DOGS CONTINUE BARKING]
Check the sides.
SOLDIER 2: Nothing here.
[ENGINE REVS]
[DOG BARKS]
SOLDIER: Oh, wait,
I see movement.
Don't fall behind!
[DOGS CONTINUE BARKING]
[DOGS BARKING]
[GASPING]
[DOGS PANTING]
Hey, hey... Hey!
[DOG GROWLING]
[DOGS BARKING]
[DOG GROWLS]
[GRUNTING]
[DOGS WHINING]
[DOGS SNIFFING, WHINING]
[DOGS CONTINUE WHINING]
[SNIFFS]
[LOUDLY] Gasoline!
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
The dogs lost the scent!
[DOGS WHINING]
LEADER: What's happening?
[DOGS BARKING]
DOG HANDLER:
There's gasoline on the road.
LEADER: They are useless!
-[DOGS FUSSING]
-Calm down, boy!
[DOGS BARKING]
SOLDIER: Hey!
-[GUNSHOT]
-[GROANS]
[DOGS BARKING]
Release the dog.
SOLDIER: Release the dog!
DOG HANDLER: Go on, boy!
[DOG BARKING]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[WHIMPERING]
-Finish him.
-[DOGS BARKING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[DOGS BARKING]
Immortal or not,
a man needs air.
[BUBBLING]
[FIRES GUN]
-[COCKS GUN]
-[CASING CLATTERS]
Now, get me the gold.
[DOGS BARKING]
[SOLDIER GRUNTING]
[AATAMI INHALING]
[DOG BARKING]
Go after him! Now!
[BUBBLING STOPS]
[DOG GROWLS]
[BUBBLING]
[GASPING SOFTLY]
[BUBBLING STOPS]
[GASPING]
[DOGS BARKING]
One more meter
and I'll have you shot!
Desertion is punishable
by death.
[FIRES GUN]
-[COCKS GUN]
-[CASING CLATTERS]
[DOGS BARKING]
Fuck this.
[PANTS, GRUNTS]
[CONTINUES PANTING]
[DOG BARKING]
[AATAMI'S DOG
CONTINUES BARKING]
[AATAMI'S DOG WHINING]
LEADER: Hey! [WHISTLES]
Come here. [SHUSHING]
[DOG WHINING]
Find me a boat.
[GOLD RATTLING]
[PANTING]
[WIND WHISTLING]
[METAL SQUEAKING SOFTLY]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
[GRUNTS]
[SIGHS]
[SEARING]
[EXHALES]
-[ECHOING GUNFIRE]
-[DISTORTED SCREAMING]
[ECHOING GUNSHOT]
[BABY CRYING DISTORTEDLY]
[DISTORTED EXPLOSIONS]
[BABY CRYING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[DISTORTED WHOOSHING]
[AIRPLANE WHIRRING]
[BABY CONTINUES CRYING]
[ECHOING GUNSHOT]
[SOUNDS FADING]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[DISTANT BARKING CONTINUES]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[BARKING]
[GASPS]
[DOG WHINING]
-[GRUNTS]
-[DOG YELPS]
[MUFFLED RUSTLING]
[MUFFLED CONVERSATION]
Any last words?
I didn't think so.
[GROANING]
[AATAMI GROANING AND GRUNTING]
[CHOKING]
[CONTINUES CHOKING]
[CHOKING STOPS]
[SNIFFS]
For your troubles.
[ROPE CREAKING]
[SOLDIER LAUGHS]
[SOLDIERS LAUGH]
Put the hat back on.
[SOLDIER HAWKS, SPITS]
[SOLDIER WHISTLING TUNE]
[AATAMI GRUNTING SOFTLY]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
[GROANING]
[SQUELCHING]
[GROANING HEAVILY]
[PANTING]
[WIND BLOWING]
[DOG WHINING]
[DOG BARKING]
[DOG WHIMPERING]
[AIRPLANE WHIRRING IN DISTANCE]
-[AIRPLANE ENGINE ROARING]
-[DOG WHINING]
[AIRPLANE WHIRRING LOUDLY]
[SIGNPOST RATTLING
AND CREAKING]
[GRUNTS, CHOKING]
[AIRPLANE WHIRRING]
[GRUNTS, CHOKES]
[AATAMI CHOKES]
[METAL CLANGS]
-[AATAMI GRUNTS]
-[DOG WHIMPERING]
[DOG LICKING]
[DOG BARKS]
[DOG WHIMPERING]
[GROANING SOFTLY]
This son of a bitch
is still alive.
[DOG BARKING]
Shoot the man
and shoot the dog, too.
[AATAMI GROANING]
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
[SIGHS]
-[AATAMI GRUNTS]
-[GRUNTS]
[DOG BARKING]
And the dog!
-[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
-[SPITS]
Shoot the fucking dog!
[DOG CONTINUES BARKING]
Muller?
[PILOT COUGHS, GROANS]
[PILOT GROANING SOFTLY]
[PILOT CONTINUES GROANING]
[GUN CLATTERS]
[PILOT COUGHS,
GROANING WEAKLY]
[DOG WHINING]
[AATAMI GROANING]
[DOG BARKS]
-[DOG BARKS]
-[GROANING]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
[ENGINE WHIRRING]
[AIRPLANE TAKING OFF]
[DOG WHIMPERING]
The plane is ready.
What about the rest
of our squad?
They don't need us
to get to Norway.
The boys have
a crateful of booze
and a truckful of bitches.
I'm sure they'll
figure something out.
I would.
SOLDIER 1: The road is blocked.
Come and take a look at this.
SOLDIER 2: What's going on?
SOLDIER 1:
There's something in the road.
[BLOWS KISS, LAUGHS]
Is this the plane?
No, idiot.
This is something else.
The pilot has been hanged.
-That's my rope.
-What?
That's the rope I used
to hang Korpi with.
Let's get the fuck
out of here.
[SOLDIERS SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY]
I recognize it, I swear.
SOLDIER 1: What's the order?
Everybody move!
SOLDIER 1: Start the engines.
SOLDIER 2: Come on, let's go.
[ENGINES STARTING]
SOLDIER 3: Let's go, go!
-[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
-[ENGINE REVS]
Well?
He's back.
He's hanging from
a rope somewhere.
He's dead.
[WOMAN SNICKERING]
-What's so fucking funny?
-Nothing.
What the fuck
are you smiling for, then?
Do you assholes really think
you have succeeded
where hundreds of Russians
have died trying?
We all know the story.
You'll see what happens when
you take everything from him.
[CHUCKLES DRYLY]
He won't give up.
He'll just keep coming back.
Do you really believe
that he's immortal?
No.
He just refuses to die.
We have a word for that
in Finland,
but it's impossible
to translate.
You see,
this is not about
who's the strongest.
This is about not giving up.
And he won't.
Ever.
No matter what
you bitches are trying.
You will make him stronger.
So...
what is so fucking funny,
is that you...
your boyfriend...
and everything that is left
of your sorry-assed company...
are already dead.
[LAUGHS]
-[THUD, BLADE SLICES]
-[SOLDIER 1 GRUNTS]
-[SOLDIER 1 GROANS]
-What?
[SOLDIER 2 SCREAMS, GROANS]
-[SCREAMING]
-[BODY CRUNCHING]
Was that one of ours?
[TRUCK ROOF THUDDING]
[GASPS]
[CHOKING]
[BODY CRUNCHES]
Was that Jens?
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[METAL CREAKS]
We almost ran
into the bitches.
Can somebody tell me
what the fuck is going on?
Nothing. It's all good, sir.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
[SOLDIERS SCREAMING]
-[TRUCK HORN BLARES]
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
Sir.
They're all dead.
We are almost there.
Step on it!
[ENGINE REVVING]
[CLANGING ON TANK ROOF]
[CLANGING CONTINUES]
Wolf.
Go out there and kill him.
[SNIFFS, GROWLS]
One,
two,
three!
[GRUNTS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[WOLF SCREAMING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[WOLF SCREAMS]
Keep going!
Keep going.
[WOLF GROANING, GASPING]
[WOLF GRUNTS]
[GRUNTS]
[CRYING]
Please... Please...
[WOLF CONTINUES CRYING]
[WHIMPERING]
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
That's him, that's Koschei.
-[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
-[SOLDIER GASPS]
[GROWLS]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDING]
[MOTORCYCLE ENGINE STARTS]
[BREATHING RAGGEDLY]
[GASPING]
[WOLF SCREAMING]
[COUGHS]
[TANK ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[TANK DOOR OPENS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[YELLING]
Do you see him?
PILOT: Yep.
He's still down there.
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
It's bad. It's bad, I need...
If you're not dead,
you fly this fucking plane!
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
Did you hear that?
It's nothing.
Just an old plane.
[STRAINING]
[GRUNTING]
[MUFFLED METAL BANGING]
[METAL BANGS, SCRAPES]
[METAL SCRAPES HARSHLY]
We might have a problem.
[GROANING WEAKLY]
[GROWLS]
[AATAMI SCREAMING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[YELLS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH GRUNT]
[AATAMI GROANS]
-[GRUNTS]
-[AATAMI GROANS]
[GRUNTING SOFTLY]
[GRUNTING]
Die. Fucker!
Why
won't you
die?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANING SOFTLY]
[PANTING]
-[YELLS]
-[AATAMI GRUNTS]
[AATAMI GRUNTS]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING]
Fuck you!
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
[AIRPLANE ENGINE SPUTTERING]
[AIRPLANE CREAKING]
[GLASS BOTTLE CLINKING]
[ENGINE SPUTTERING]
[ENGINE BLOWS]
[ALARMS BEEPING]
[GRUNTS]
[ENGINE WHINING]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
[EXPLOSION]
[MUFFLED RUMBLING]
[RUMBLING FADES]
[BIRD CHIRPING]
[PANTING]
[IN FINNISH]
To your positions.
[GUN CLICKING]
[GUN STOPS CLICKING]
[TANK APPROACHING]
[ENGINE REVS]
Hello.
[TANK ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
Where did you get that tank?
From the Nazis.
Where are the Nazis?
- Except this asshole,
they're all in hell.
- [BREATHING SHAKILY]
Hell?
Were there others?
Everyone else is dead.
[BUBBLING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[DISTANT RUMBLING]
[DOG WHINES]
[FOOTSTEPS ECHOING]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
[CLANGS]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[AATAMI GRUNTS]
-[BAG THUDS]
-[METAL RATTLES]
[GOLD CLATTERING ON FLOOR]
[IN FINNISH]
Bills.
Big ones, please.
Won't be so damn heavy to carry.